<div class="projects">
    <h2>Selected Projects</h2>

    <section>
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/Tingshow-liu/NYUARLibrary">Augmented Library Application</a></h3>
        <p><strong>Technologies:</strong> Python, Django, PostgreSQL, RESTful, React.js</p>
        <p><em>Developed at New York University</em></p>
        <ul>
            <li>Engineered a Django-based RESTful API for library room reservations and resource management.</li>
            <li>Designed a comprehensive PostgreSQL data schema, optimizing storage and retrieval operations within the library’s management system.</li>
        </ul>
    </section>

    <section>
        <h3>LENR GPT (Chatbot)</h3>
        <p><strong>Technologies:</strong> Python, Llama 3, LangChain, LLM, RAG, ChromaDB</p>
        <p><em>Developed at New York University</em></p>
        <ul>
            <li>Created a chatbot to answer queries related to Low Energy Nuclear Reactions using advanced models like RAG and Llama 3.</li>
            <li>Processed over 4000 documents to generate data for training, employing techniques like BERT and T5 for data processing and Q&A generation.</li>
        </ul>
    </section>

    <section>
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/Tingshow-liu/OS-Tasks">Operating System Tasks</a></h3>
        <p><strong>Technologies:</strong> C++, Linux, Git, GCC, Vim, SSH</p>
        <p><em>Developed at New York University</em></p>
        <ul>
            <li>Implemented essential OS modules, including custom linker and process scheduler.</li>
            <li>Tackled advanced C++ challenges in memory management and system utilities to enhance OS functionality.</li>
        </ul>
    </section>

    <section>
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/Tingshow-liu/Hotal-price-prediction">Airbnb Prices Prediction</a></h3>
        <p><strong>Technologies:</strong> Python, Numpy, Pandas, Tensorflow</p>
        <p><em>Developed at National Taiwan University</em></p>
        <ul>
            <li>Constructed various ML and deep learning models to predict Airbnb prices and analyze the significance of various features.</li>
            <li>Developed APIs to translate 400,000+ pieces of text data from guest reviews, performing sentiment analysis and PCA to assess the impact of room descriptions and customer comments on prices.</li>
        </ul>
    </section>

    <section>
        <h3><a href="https://github.com/Tingshow-liu/Blog-website">Blog Website</a></h3>
        <p><strong>Technologies:</strong> JavaScript, NodeJS, ExpressJS, EJS, MongoDB, Bootstrap</p>
        <p><em>Developed at Web Development Bootcamp</em></p>
        <ul>
            <li>Built a web application allowing users to post daily journals.</li>
            <li>Utilized MongoDB for data storage, ensuring efficient data retrieval and post management.</li>
        </ul>
    </section>
</div>

